h1. RefreshJacksonville: Techa Kucha follow-up

The last refresh meeting was a special one. From great "no frills talks":http://blog.divergentsoftware.com/2009/01/introduce-speak-quickly-to-point-sit.html to
the entire group busting out in to "Happy Birthday" in celebration of the birthday of
"Sandro Turriate":http://turriate.com. 

"RefreshJacksonville":http://refreshjacksonville.org has been running for around two years after its
birth from conversations at "nGen Works":http://ngenworks.com, specifically "Joey Marchy":http://www.ngenworks.com/team/joey. The
idea may not have been unique, in fact there "Refresh":http://www.refreshingcities.org/ is a movement to
get creative types together and share their passions. 

Sharing passion is precisely why the last RefreshJacksonville worked.
While watching the presentations you could feel the energy. These were
the topics on which people spent their free time toiling and tinkering.

The meeting ended on an announcement from Joey that he and nGen Works are giving
RefreshJacksonville to the community to encourage its growth and get some
new energy in the organization. Anyone is free to schedule a meeting or 
event and nGen Works will post and publicize the event.

In talking to "Carl Smith":http://www.ngenworks.com/team/joey the most successful events have had broad topics
that appeal to wider audiences. The events are not necessarily technical.

Brainstorming ideas the following ideas have bubbled up:

* DemoCamp - A time limited presentation on a project or product you've worked on, produced, or have an interest.
* StudioNight - RefreshJax's host is "Paul Figura":http://PaulFigura.com and the space offers a perfect environment for people of all abilities to experiment with photography equipment.
* Web Video Publishing - We have some excellent resources in the North and Central Florida areas.

What ideas do you have? What would you like to see? A different format, topic, presenter?

Talk to me "bigtiger@hashrocket.com":mailto:bigtiger@hashrocket.com